you to bees so I have something kind of
exciting that I wanted to talk to you
guys about today first I wanted to
address a couple things lighting is
still not great I have not received
those lights in the mail that I was
supposed to get for my setup so bear
with me if my lighting is a little off
the second thing is a lot of people have
been asking me where my flat iron
tutorial video is there were copyrighted
songs that were on it and so I had to
delete it from youtube and unfortunately
I didn't have a copy on my laptop I'm
actually gonna have to refill the whole
thing kind of what um gave me my name on
youtube so I promise the next time that
I flat on my hair i will upload a flat
iron and updated flat iron tutorial now
on to the exciting part of the video I
haven't really done a weight loss video
in a while and it's mostly because I've
been pretty busy I really haven't even
thought much about weight loss in the
past few months because I've been so
busy with other things okay my camera
totally just cut out so I'm trying to
remember where I left off and pick back
pick back up for me this video is going
to be about my weight loss the goals for
June my birthday is next month it's
actually the 15 so a little less than a
month away I want to lose 10 pounds by
the time I birthday come taking a really
fun birthday trip I want to be really
cute and sexy what kind of sucks because
I've gained ten pounds since I've been
back in the States which is like really
bad just goes to figure because I
haven't really been working out
consistently or paying much attention to
my diet so for the month of june i will
be doing I guess weekly weight loss
updates and I'm going to try and weigh
myself weekly and kind of share with you
guys what I'm doing as far as diet and
exercise and you can do it along with me
or you can just watch and
see if these things work for me and then
maybe later try them for yourself and
come into you guys with some helpful
tips along my journey as I lose weight
and hopefully you guys will be losing
weight with me for those of you who are
going to follow along and do it with me
please please comment below let me know
that you're going to start and then each
week on my videos comment and update me
on your journey as well and let me know
what you're doing what tips and advice
you have it can help not only meet out
but also someone else who is on a weight
loss journey get involved in the
challenge if you can't you can go look
at some of my previous weight loss
videos and get some ideas there that's
it we're going to be starting on our
weight loss journey and getting slim in
trim so stay tuned for that